README.md, before:

# city_weather_search
A search app for the weather of the city.

The purpose of this application is allow users to enter any city of their choice into a search bar and return the weather for that city. 
The weather information is retrieved from Open Weather via an API. Unlike the Star Wars Quote generator, weather app
has a dedicated API retrieved using an API key from a well established website, so it doesn't have the issues of
the previous project. The view displays weather information for five days in stylised cards.


Today's card includes:
- The day
- A description of the weather
- An icon for the weather
- The temperature
- The wind speed
- The humidity
- The air pressure
- The cloudiness

Other days include:
- The day
- An icon for the weather
- A description of the weather

The app was built using Javascript. I built the code originally for my bootcamp, twice, the second attempt using an objects based design.
For GitHub, I plan to add two new features. The first is a background changer, where I will use DOM manipulation to add unique backgrounds
depending on the weather shown in the 'Today' container. I will also add an autocomplete, which triggers when the user writes, before they commit
to a choice with Enter. Finally, I've been studying how to build websites in a modular way. I hope to break this website down into a division of get data
and set data, using separate js files to make the site more modular.

Work Order:
1. Build HTML structure (complete)
2. Integrate base weather app code and stylise (complete)
3. Implement the background changer
4. Implement the auto complete feature
5. Attempt to reorganise in a modular way.

Commit message:

Implemented background changer and auto complete feature
After a lot of work, I've managed to implement an auto complete feature. This task took a lot of research.

When I started, I had completed an autocomplete, but only in PHP. So I need to adapt the code for the auto complete to JS from PHP code. I research alternative solutions, in particular finding useful code from W3 schools which you may recognize here.

Dealing with scope issues proved time consuming, so after some experimentation for extraction, the old truth of fetch calls became clear once more. You work in the brackets .then(data { } or you don't work at all.

README.md, after:

# city_weather_search
A search app for the weather of the city.

The purpose of this application is allow users to enter any city of their choice into a search bar and return the weather for that city. 
The weather information is retrieved from Open Weather via an API. Unlike the Star Wars Quote generator, weather app
has a dedicated API retrieved using an API key from a well established website, so it doesn't have the issues of
the previous project. The view displays weather information for five days in stylised cards.

The app was built using Javascript. I built the code originally for my bootcamp, twice, the second attempt using an objects based design. 

For GitHub, I've added two new features. 

The first is a background changer that responds to the description in today's weather, displaying a different background depending on the weather type.

The second is an autocomplete feature on the search. While I did have the option to include a full list of all the cities in the world, the slow down potential for this feature was intimidating. Instead I decided to make my own JSON file with an object of arrays that would somewhat simulate the difficulty of importing an API data object, without the potential slowdown problems it could cause for both myself and anyone using my portfolio.

I was interested in making this site modular but with the event listeners I expect it is a long task, as they rely on the global object for variables. Due to time constraints with other projects, I will have to put it on a future updates list. 

Work Order:
1. Build HTML structure (complete)
2. Integrate base weather app code and stylise (complete)
3. Implement the background changer (complete)
4. Implement the auto complete feature (complete)

Future Updates:
1. Improve the background designs with a consultation from a designer
2. Break the search.js into a modular structure of multiple files.
3. Implement keyboard controls on the autocomplete feature.
